[Music]
you
okay good morning I'm sorry for not
having logged as always it's currently
called past ten and this morning I
haven't sent my timetable dictates that
I start work at nine every day and then
finish at five but because I did a
couple of hours work yesterday and I've
kind of done all of that lack to prep
now I decided to not stick to that
timetable this morning which I know
could turn into a slippery slope but I
think that it's actually for the best I
don't because there were a few admin
bits specifically to do with kind of
bank accounts and work emails and things
which I needed to do and if I didn't do
them now and I get loads of work later
which I think I will then I'm not really
going to have the time to do it and I
won't do it so I thought it'd be better
just to get it done now okay so I'm just
going to mini-fridge and I've packed my
lunch in this bento box just such a nice
bento box and so I'm just going to pack
this in my bag
[Music]
[Applause]
I've got over an hour to get though it
just nice because it's only about a ten
minute walk but I don't want to be late
for my very first lecture and also it's
in the building which can be quite hard
to navigate
so in the building where I had this
morning's lecture there was a study area
so I just sat here for the hour that I
had remaining until my lecture and right
here I was doing some prep work for a
campaign which I'm planning through
YouTube which is really exciting but you
will hear more about it later Lee no
doubt hopefully
[Music]
and then here I was writing a letter to
a viewer who had won a giveaway
[Music]
and I didn't film this next bit but I
also decided to just read some of my
book I was reading the person in place
of Jesus Christ which you can see
underneath my Gregory and the grimrock
or pencil case right behind me
[Music]
you
if you do end up taking
[Music]
according to unstuff cereal I didn't
bring any cereal really feel like eating
some cereal now so I think I'm gonna
have this so I'm back from my very first
day of lectures I'm so sorry that I
didn't vlog but I felt really rude to
just take out my camera and stop filming
in a lecture because I was paying
attention instead obviously I need to I
think come up with a better format for
actually formatting my notes for
lectures because it works for research
homeworks and readings and things but I
don't think it's really gonna work for
lecture notes because everything has to
be quite snappy so I think I'm gonna
come up with an ideal format now and
then I can get it ready for tomorrow's
lectures I think I've actually only got
one tomorrow one the next day one the
next one the day after okay and also I'm
gonna put away my food shopping now and
I'll put on time-lapse because I like
time lapses so the last thing I filmed
myself doing this evening was putting
away my food shopping and basically this
is my food shopping for the next two
weeks and I know that there are lots of
plastic bags I'm going to be reusing
these and I'm gonna be using the Mushaf
ping bags whilst I'm here at university
I did not realize that this money would
come because I didn't actually buy that
much food I bought enough to last me two
weeks and I did a meal plan to make sure
that I wouldn't be wasting anything but
yes I thank you so much for watching
this video I hope that you enjoyed it
and have a productive week
[Music]